♪
[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salaryman
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level one.
But lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
Hold on a minute,
what's going on now?
There's a stray
showing up already?
And what's Eve doing here?
[EVE gulping]
[EVE]
Not good.
Not delicious at all.
Imposters.
What happened
to my perfect, yummy carrots?
The Low-Level ones!
[EVE groans]
Come back, my Low-Level loves.
[CROWD chatter]
[ADVENTURER 9A]
Check it out! Over there!
[ADVENTURER 9B]
Oh, man! She is gorgeous!
Welcome to Secro.
Pretty lively town, isn't it?
I'll say!
Huh?
[RYOTA] Speaking of lively,
wonder what Eve's up to.
[ERZA]
Ryota? Is that you?
Huh? Erza! It's been ages!
At least that!
It's so good to see you again.
[gasps]
Um, who's your new friend?
Oh, right. Where are my manners?
Her name is Celeste.
She came along to help me
create my own party
called the Ryota Family.
Mm.
You're gonna form
an adventurer party
with someone this beautiful?
[RYOTA] You say that like
it's a bad thing.
Oh, no, it's not at all!
People are always talking
about the amazing things
you're doing out there.
And when you're famous,
you can do whatever you want
with whomever you like!
It's no big whoop!
I was just hoping
to ask you something
about the harvest festival!
But why don't you come
by the shop
whenever you have
a spare moment, okay?
Oh, I got to go! Bye!
-Uh, the harvest festival? What?
-Huh?
I haven't heard much about it,
either.
If you'd like to look into it,
I'd be happy to help.
Emily and I were able
to find some information
regarding the harvest festival.
[RYOTA] Excellent!
Way to be on top of it, Celeste!
First, the obvious,
it's a festival that
is held annually here in Secro.
The draw is that
you can see goods
found in local dungeons
on display
and they're all in one place.
Cool, but why?
I mean,
are they for sale or something?
-They're for killing.
-Huh?
[CELESTE]
They're placed in an arena,
allowed to become strays,
and then killed.
The point is to show off
the goods first
and then the monsters
that spawn from them.
Hm. I can see that.
Ryota, what exactly
are we doing here, anyway?
Oh, right. Good question.
After I parted ways
with you two,
I wanted to get my speed
up to rank S
as soon as possible.
[DUNGEON VOICE 1A]
Ryota's speed increased by zero.
[RYOTA groans]
[RYOTA]
But I maxed it out in no time.
Instead of waiting,
I decided that I'd go down
to level four.
It wasn't easy at first,
but I stuck with it
and managed
to defeat those monsters.
[DUNGEON VOICE 1A]
Ryota's vitality
increased by one.
[gasps]
See that box over there?
That's where I ended up putting
all the seeds I collected.
What?
Isn't that a bad idea, though?
Oh, look, strays!
[CELESTE]
Wait!
Don't look so worried.
Everything will be fine!
-Uh... Ah...
-[EMILY chuckles]
♪
[DUNGEON VOICE 1A] Ryota
has obtained binding bullets.
That sounds like fun!
Can't wait to see
what kind of binding
these bullets can do!
Now you've got some answers!
I had no idea that strays
could also drop rare items.
Oh, by the way,
that's information
I haven't shared yet.
So, please keep it between us,
okay?
All right, but if it's supposed
to be a secret,
why'd you tell me?
[RYOTA] Because I figured
you're one of us now.
[CELESTE gasps]
[rumbling]
Ah!
What was that?
-[explosion]
-[PEOPLE screaming]
What the...?
What's going on here?
It's bad!
A rare drop turned into a stray!
[TOWNSPERSON 9B] Hurry up!
You don't wanna risk it!
[pants]
[explosions]
♪
[RYOTA FAMILY gasp]
Let's go! We got this!
-Leave it to me!
-On it!
[gunshots]
[panting]
Fire Magic. Inferno!
[fire blazing]
[EMILY gasps and straining]
Oh, no! Emily!
Tsk! [shouting]
[grunts]
It's not moving.
Now it is!
[grunts]
[bullets clattering]
[gun cocking]
[RYOTA] Time for you to show me
what you've got,
binding bullets!
[gunshots]
[rumbling]
♪
Why don't we wrap this thing up?
[gunshots]
[bullets whizzing by]
[shadow stretching]
[flashes]
[pings]
Huh? Whoa! No way!
Emily! You okay?
[EMILY]
Yes.
I mean, there's nothing wrong
with me exactly.
Although...
Hm...
Don't worry!
We'll get you
a brand-new hammer!
You'll have the best one
ever made!
What? I don't need anything
that fancy.
I can just straighten this one
out like this, I think.
-[metal breaks]
-[gasps]
[CELESTE, RYOTA gasp]
Didn't work.
I'm thinking
we should get you a new one.
[EMILY]
Yeah, okay.
I'm so sorry.
♪
[EVE]
No way? Is that true?
Pretty sure.
Or someone who looked a lot
like Sato.
-He defeated the stray.
-[EVE whimpering]
Oh.
[EVE sighs]
[SMITH]
Nice to meet you.
I'm Smith,
one of the weapons dealers
here in town.
[RYOTA]
Okay.
So why did you want
to meet with us?
Well, sir,
because of Emily here.
I heard about what happened
to her hammer.
That it broke
whenever your party
was battling the stray
yesterday.
If it's not too bold,
I was hoping you might consider
allowing me
to craft you a new one.
[RYOTA FAMILY]
A new hammer?
[SMITH]
Why, yes!
Everyone knows
who the Ryota Family is
after following your exploits
in Selen!
To have supplied
one of the members
with her beloved hammer?
Well, that's marketing gold
no real weaponsmith
could pass up!
What? I don't think
I'd be okay with that!
It'll be of no extra cost
to you!
I'll provide you
with your new favorite hammer
absolutely free!
Huh?
You don't want anything?
That's right.
Just keep using it.
Ha!
Then I'd be honored
to do business with you!
[SMITH]
That's fantastic news!
Then I say we delve
right into production!
If you have
any special requests,
all you have to do is ask!
[EMILY] Really?
Can it be anything I want?
Hello! How are you, Mister Sato?
-[rattling]
-Not too bad! And you?
Still working
on those air boxes, I see?
Uh...
-Huh?
-Well, um...
Is there something wrong, or...
[MARGARET'S BUTLER]
The thing is,
the air boxes
haven't been selling very well
-as of late.
-[ENEMY 9A clattering]
And it's not as though
Princess Margaret
is any less popular
than she's always been.
Maybe people are just tired
of buying the same air boxes.
I know, how about selling
something new and different?
I would love to,
but what would it be?
Well, let me think.
Um...
[inhales]
The princess's underwear, maybe?
[MARGARET]
How is this?
Shall I lift it a bit more?
Brilliant!
I was kidding!
You can't really do that!
♪
[RYOTA]
How about rings?
Seems like that would track
with the princess's elegant,
royal image
and would feel super special.
Genius! Pure genius, sir!
-[MARGARET whimpers]
-[BOTH] Huh?
-[ENEMY 9B growls]
-[MARGARET whimpering]
Princess!
Ah! I've got this!
[gunshots]
[dings]
Hm?
-[MARGARET] Pardon!
-Huh?
I will never forget the way
that you saved me.
Thank you so much, Ryota!
Oh, come on.
I just did what any decent human
would've done.
Mister Sato,
we're grateful to you
for saving our princess
and for sharing with us
your brilliant idea
to sell the rings
that she loves.
As a token of gratitude,
may we present you
with the first one?
Oh, I couldn't accept that!
The first sale is a big deal.
-[MARGARET] Please let me!
-Oh.
It would be my pleasure
and such an honor.
I want you to be my first.
Um, right.
Okay.
[SMITH] Does it meet
with your approval, Miss Emily?
[EMILY]
Well, let's see.
I think I'd like it
to be heavier
and definitely sturdier.
-[EVE grunts]
-Huh?
[EMILY]
Eve! It's so good to see you!
Where are carrots?
I need you to find Low-Level
for me.
[CELESTE]
Low-level what?
If you're asking about Yota,
he went to Nihonium.
I believe
he was going to stop by Telulu
and then Erza's shop
directly after that.
He's going to Nihonium first!
I got it!
-[EVE grunts]
-[door slams]
-[EMILY, SMITH] Uh...
-Hm.
♪
Hm!
This thing came in handy
more quickly than I expected.
[DUNGEON VOICE 1A]
Ryota obtained a pouch
that automatically picks up
and contains dropped items.
[RYOTA] If I didn't score this
when I did,
I would've had a hard time
hiding these seeds.
Man,
that would've been horrible.
Anyway,
time to make some money happen!
[EVE]
I'm here.
Low-Level. Give me carrots.
[EVE grumbles]
Where is he?
Next stop, Telulu!
[grunts]
Uh. Uh...
What do you need, Eve?
[groans]
I need Low-Level.
So hungry!
[RYOTA]
Got these for you.
[EYNA]
Wow. It all looks wonderful.
♪
Oh! I thought I heard you.
-Welcome!
-[RYOTA] Hey!
So, uh, what was the favor
you wanted to ask of me
for the harvest festival?
Oh, right!
Well background info first.
Do you know
how the harvest festival works
and why we have it?
Yeah, pretty much.
You put products that are found
in dungeons on display,
then kill them
when they turn into strays.
[ERZA]
Okay, that'll work.
If you know at least that much,
we can save some time.
The favor I wanted to ask you
was for you
to collect some of the drops
that are more difficult to get.
Got it.
In other words, you need help
with the rare drops?
I do!
And I intend to pay you
for every single one of them.
Are you sure
you're okay with it?
Hey, you're always doing so much
for me.
I'm grateful for the opportunity
to pay you back.
You are the absolute best!
In that case,
take this with you.
It's a list
of all the rare drops
we haven't found yet.
I'm sorry to have to interrupt
your tender moment.
What do you mean?
[EYNA]
I've got pilos.
40,000 for the items
you brought in.
Thank you, but why are there
so many coins involved?
[EYNA]
I'm so sorry about that.
It's a bit awkward,
but the person in charge
of the dungeon that drops money
was arrested for corruption.
That would explain
why our money circulation
is lagging a bit.
Huh? Ah!
Wait, so you're telling me that
even money comes from drops?
[ERZA, EYNA] Yes, of course.
Where else would it?
[RYOTA]
If that's the case...
[wind whooshing]
Give it a second
and that should become a stray!
[EVE]
Hey, director, over here!
Punch!
[CELESTE] Why am I doing
the title card all by myself
when it's not even my episode.
[wind whooshing]
-[money rustling]
-[explosion]
[RYOTA grunts]
-[MONSTER screeches]
-[RYOTA] It worked!
-[flapping]
-[RYOTA] Get back here!
You're asking for it, ten grand!
-[MONSTER screeching]
-[bullets whizzing by]
[gun loading]
-[gun cocks]
-[grunts]
[gunshots]
[MONSTER screeching]
[gunshot]
[dings]
Gotcha!
[exhales]
What is this?
[DUNGEON VOICE 1A]
Ryota obtained a potion
that boosts
one's plant drop rate
by three ranks for ten minutes.
Whoo!
Well, actually, there's not much
I can do with this
since I'm at rank S.
[EVE]
I finally found you!
-[yelps]
-[thuds]
[EVE]
Low-Level!
Carrots! Pretty please!
Flop.
Huh?
[squealing]
[munching]
You know, if you wanted
those carrots so badly,
you should've asked
your party mates for help.
They're not good enough!
[chomping]
I love your carrots so much!
They taste better!
Oh, and also,
I left the party I was in.
What? Why's that?
A difference
in dungeonal direction.
It's not like a band!
They kept making demands of me,
and I'm just a rabbit who wants
to eat carrots all day.
These things always seem
to happen to me.
I wonder if you're doing
anything to cause it.
Rabbits are strong!
I can do it all by myself! See?
Rabbits know what's up.
They know parties are annoying.
Not good.
♪
[EVE chomping]
[FEMALE PARTY MATE 9A]
Come on, Eve!
Meat isn't enough.
Eat some vegetables, too!
[EVE]
No!
[muffled]
I hate vegetables!
They're yucky!
I like meat!
To be healthy,
you have to eat them!
-[PARTY MATE 9A gasps]
-[EVE] No!
[EVE panting]
[footsteps]
Party members are mean.
I hate them.
[rumbling]
[flashing]
Hi there.
It said hi!
What an unusual carrot!
Is this a, a haunted house?
You're a human, aren't you?
Are you asking
'cause you're a ghost?
[heavy footsteps thud]
[BOY 9A gasps]
[MONSTER growling]
[EVE]
Oh.
Is that thing a cow ghost?
Dummy.
It's called a death buffalo.
It's this floor's monster.
A real monster?
[MONSTER shuffling]
[EVE grunts]
You better stay still!
[grunting]
♪
[rumbling]
[flashing]
[EVE huffs]
That was so cool!
Huh?
So, where did you learn
how to do that?
Do you think
you could teach me too?
Uh?
I wanna learn how to do
what you did with the ghosts!
You gotta teach me
how to exterminate them!
-Teach me everything you know!
-[EVE strains]
Um, okay. I can try.
[EVE grunting]
[MONSTER growling]
[EVE straining]
-[thuds]
-Take that!
[MONSTER growls]
[grunts] Your turn!
-Throw it now!
-'Kay.
[grunts]
[explosion]
[MONSTER growls]
[flashing]
[BOY 9A]
Whoa!
It turned into a carrot!
Ugh, get rid of it.
Uh, why though?
[EVE]
I hate carrots.
They're gross.
You shouldn't be so picky
about what you eat.
-I don't care!
-Maybe it'll taste better...
-I hate that stuff!
-...if we share it.
-Here ya go.
-Rabbits aren't made to--
[BOY 9A]
It's yummy.
Huh?
[chomps]
[gasps]
[chomping]
Mmm...
Here, take this too if you want.
Enjoy!
-Oh!
-[EVE] Wow! You're good!
We're a party!
Yeah, sure.
I guess we are a party,
aren't we?
-[sizzles]
-Uh-oh.
[EVE]
Hm?
Mmm...
-Huh?
-[flashing]
[EVE gasps]
Uh...
[DAD 9A]
Ah! Where have you been?
[MOM 9A]
We're so worried about you.
[BOY 9A] [giggles]
You'll never believe this.
I got to beat up a giant cow!
[laughs]
[BOY 9A]
And then...
And that's what happened.
From that moment on,
I was a carrot-loving rabbit
who lived only to seek out
delicious carrots to eat,
all because
of a stupid little boy,
my party mate.
That's how I know
that all parties are bad.
I don't know, that's sounding
a little extreme to me.
Anyway, nothing wrong
with loving carrots,
but why not just get your own?
[sighs]
[EVE]
Because I'm not strong enough.
My plant drop rate is level D.
That means I can only get
the yucky carrots.
Oh. Well, then I may have
just the thing for you!
[EVE]
What is it?
[clattering]
Definitely not a carrot.
[RYOTA]
No, it's not.
But drink it. Trust me.
[sighs]
[plops]
[gulping]
[sighs and gasps]
Is this for real?
Sure is!
So if your plant drop rate
is really at a D,
then it should've gone up
by three levels to an A.
Look,
why don't you give it a try?
Mm?
[MONSTER shuffling]
[EVE grunts]
[flashing]
Ha! Haa!
-[RYOTA] Go ahead!
-Ah.
-[RYOTA] Taste it!
[chomps]
[squealing]
[EVE] It's bursting
with crunchy sweetness!
I know it's an A-rank carrot!
Also, the sense
of accomplishment I feel
in knowing I got it myself
is the most,
the most delicious part!
And this potion!
Just where did you get it?
Uh... sorry.
It's not really
for sale anywhere.
In fact, it's a special item
that only I'm able to acquire.
Uh?
[whimpering and sighs]
Hey, Low-Level!
[RYOTA]
Yeah?
[EVE]
Please let me join your party!
[RYOTA]
What? Hold on!
Just like that?
Remember when you said
all party mates were bad?
[EVE]
I'm sorry! I made a mistake!
Party mates are not bad.
They're wonderful!
They give me
funny-looking potions
so that I can eat
all the tasty carrots I want!
That isn't party mates
in general,
that's just me!
Please, sir! I'll do anything!
Pretty please?
-Pretty please?
-Get up off the floor!
-Okay, fine, you can join!
You can join my party!
Just get up!
[gasps]
Yay, Low-Level! I love you!
♪
[RYOTA]
I'm back.
Yay! Good!
Check out my new hammer, Yota!
It's finally finished!
-I can't wait to use it!
-Huh?
What's up?
I mean,
what exactly happened out there?
[EVE giggles]
Well, uh, I came across Eve
while I was hunting for drops,
and she expressed interest
in joining our party.
-Yay!
-Huh?
Welcome to our party, Eve!
I love you!
I love you so much, Low-Level!